now the whole congregation of the
now the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at
children of Israel assembled together at
children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of
Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of
Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of meeting there and the land was subdued
meeting there and the land was subdued
meeting there and the land was subdued before them but there remained among the
before them but there remained among the
before them but there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes which
children of Israel seven tribes which
children of Israel seven tribes which had not yet received their inheritance
had not yet received their inheritance
had not yet received their inheritance then Joshua said to the children of
then Joshua said to the children of
then Joshua said to the children of Israel how long will you neglect to go
Israel how long will you neglect to go
Israel how long will you neglect to go and possess the land which the Lord God
and possess the land which the Lord God
and possess the land which the Lord God of your father's has given you pick out
of your father's has given you pick out
of your father's has given you pick out from among you three men for each tribe
from among you three men for each tribe
from among you three men for each tribe and I will send them they shall rise and
and I will send them they shall rise and
and I will send them they shall rise and go through the land survey it according
go through the land survey it according
go through the land survey it according to their inheritance and come back to me
to their inheritance and come back to me
to their inheritance and come back to me and they shall divide it into seven
and they shall divide it into seven
and they shall divide it into seven parts Judah shall remain in their
parts Judah shall remain in their
parts Judah shall remain in their territory on the south and the house of
territory on the south and the house of
territory on the south and the house of Joseph shall remain in their territory
Joseph shall remain in their territory
Joseph shall remain in their territory on the north you shall therefore survey
on the north you shall therefore survey
on the north you shall therefore survey the land in seven parts and bring the
the land in seven parts and bring the
the land in seven parts and bring the survey here to me that I may cast lots
survey here to me that I may cast lots
survey here to me that I may cast lots for you here before the Lord our God
for you here before the Lord our God
for you here before the Lord our God but the Levites have no part among you
but the Levites have no part among you
but the Levites have no part among you for the priesthood of the Lord is their
for the priesthood of the Lord is their
for the priesthood of the Lord is their inheritance and GAD Reuben and half the
inheritance and GAD Reuben and half the
inheritance and GAD Reuben and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their
tribe of Manasseh have received their
tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance beyond the Jordan on the
inheritance beyond the Jordan on the
inheritance beyond the Jordan on the east which Moses the servant of the Lord
east which Moses the servant of the Lord
east which Moses the servant of the Lord gave them
gave them
gave them then the man arose to go away and Joshua
then the man arose to go away and Joshua
then the man arose to go away and Joshua charged those who went to survey the
charged those who went to survey the
charged those who went to survey the land go walk through the land survey it
land go walk through the land survey it
land go walk through the land survey it and come back to me that I may cast lots
and come back to me that I may cast lots
and come back to me that I may cast lots for you year before the Lord in Shiloh
for you year before the Lord in Shiloh
for you year before the Lord in Shiloh so the men went passed through the land
so the men went passed through the land
so the men went passed through the land and wrote the survey in a book in seven
and wrote the survey in a book in seven
and wrote the survey in a book in seven parts by cities and they came to Joshua
parts by cities and they came to Joshua
parts by cities and they came to Joshua at the camp in Shiloh then Joshua cast
at the camp in Shiloh then Joshua cast
at the camp in Shiloh then Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord
lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord
lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord and there Joshua divided the land to the
and there Joshua divided the land to the
and there Joshua divided the land to the children of Israel according to their
children of Israel according to their
children of Israel according to their divisions now the lot of the tribe of
divisions now the lot of the tribe of
divisions now the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up
the children of Benjamin came up
the children of Benjamin came up according to their families and the
according to their families and the
according to their families and the territory of their lot came out between
territory of their lot came out between
territory of their lot came out between the children of Judah and the children
the children of Judah and the children
the children of Judah and the children of Joseph their border on the north side
of Joseph their border on the north side
of Joseph their border on the north side began at the Jordan and the border went
began at the Jordan and the border went
began at the Jordan and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north
up to the side of Jericho on the north
up to the side of Jericho on the north and went up through the mountains
and went up through the mountains
and went up through the mountains westward it ended at the wilderness of
westward it ended at the wilderness of
westward it ended at the wilderness of Beth Haven the border went over from
Beth Haven the border went over from
Beth Haven the border went over from there toward Las to the side of less
there toward Las to the side of less
there toward Las to the side of less which is Bethel southward and the border
which is Bethel southward and the border
which is Bethel southward and the border descended to uttereth Adam near the hill
descended to uttereth Adam near the hill
descended to uttereth Adam near the hill that lies on the south side of Laura
that lies on the south side of Laura
that lies on the south side of Laura Beth horror then the border extended
Beth horror then the border extended
Beth horror then the border extended around the west side to the south from
around the west side to the south from
around the west side to the south from the hill that lies before beth horon
the hill that lies before beth horon
the hill that lies before beth horon southward and it ended at kerchief bail
southward and it ended at kerchief bail
southward and it ended at kerchief bail which is kiriath-jearim a city of the
which is kiriath-jearim a city of the
which is kiriath-jearim a city of the children of judah this was the west side
children of judah this was the west side
children of judah this was the west side the south side began at the end of
the south side began at the end of
the south side began at the end of kiriath-jearim and the border extended
kiriath-jearim and the border extended
kiriath-jearim and the border extended on the west and went out to the spring
on the west and went out to the spring
on the west and went out to the spring of the waters of neft Oh
of the waters of neft Oh
of the waters of neft Oh then the border came down to the end of
then the border came down to the end of
then the border came down to the end of the mountain that lies before the valley
the mountain that lies before the valley
the mountain that lies before the valley of the son of Hinnom which is in the
of the son of Hinnom which is in the
of the son of Hinnom which is in the value of the refe among the north
value of the refe among the north
value of the refe among the north descended to the Valley of Hinnom to the
descended to the Valley of Hinnom to the
descended to the Valley of Hinnom to the side of the Jebusite City on the south
side of the Jebusite City on the south
side of the Jebusite City on the south and ascended to n Rogo and it went
and ascended to n Rogo and it went
and ascended to n Rogo and it went around from the north went out to N XI
around from the north went out to N XI
around from the north went out to N XI mesh and extended toward Goliath which
mesh and extended toward Goliath which
mesh and extended toward Goliath which is before the ascent of a dumb him and
is before the ascent of a dumb him and
is before the ascent of a dumb him and ascended to the stone of Bohan the son
ascended to the stone of Bohan the son
ascended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben then it passed along toward
of Reuben then it passed along toward
of Reuben then it passed along toward the north side of Arab ER and went down
the north side of Arab ER and went down
the north side of Arab ER and went down to Arabic and the border passed along to
to Arabic and the border passed along to
to Arabic and the border passed along to the north side of beth Hagler then the
the north side of beth Hagler then the
the north side of beth Hagler then the border ended at the north bay at the
border ended at the north bay at the
border ended at the north bay at the salt sea at the south end of the Jordan
salt sea at the south end of the Jordan
salt sea at the south end of the Jordan this was the southern boundary the
this was the southern boundary the
this was the southern boundary the Jordan was its border on the east side
Jordan was its border on the east side
Jordan was its border on the east side this was the inheritance of the children
this was the inheritance of the children
this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to its boundaries
of Benjamin according to its boundaries
of Benjamin according to its boundaries all around according to their families
all around according to their families
all around according to their families now the cities of the tribe of the
now the cities of the tribe of the
now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their
children of Benjamin according to their
children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho Beth Hagler M
families were Jericho Beth Hagler M
families were Jericho Beth Hagler M akiza's Beth Aruba
akiza's Beth Aruba
akiza's Beth Aruba Zam Aram Bethel even Peres Afra Keefe
Zam Aram Bethel even Peres Afra Keefe
Zam Aram Bethel even Peres Afra Keefe aha Amnon I FBI and Gaber twelve cities
aha Amnon I FBI and Gaber twelve cities
aha Amnon I FBI and Gaber twelve cities with their villages Gibeon Rhema be Roth
with their villages Gibeon Rhema be Roth
with their villages Gibeon Rhema be Roth Misbah kaffarah
Misbah kaffarah
Misbah kaffarah Moser Rican a pale ta'ala Zilla Aleph
Moser Rican a pale ta'ala Zilla Aleph
Moser Rican a pale ta'ala Zilla Aleph Sheba's which is Jerusalem gibbous and
Sheba's which is Jerusalem gibbous and
Sheba's which is Jerusalem gibbous and kir Jeff fourteen cities were their
kir Jeff fourteen cities were their
kir Jeff fourteen cities were their villages this was the inheritance of the
villages this was the inheritance of the
villages this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their
children of Benjamin according to their
children of Benjamin according to their families
families
families [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you